About me for Devops & Cloud. 
I am currently working as a Devops Engineer & Automation Consultant 
I am responsible for Cloud Implementations, Cloud Migrations and Cloud Support & Security. I have hands on AWS & Azure.  
I am from Cloud Engineering & Automation team. My team is Responsible for end to end Automation and cloud support.   
We have our Cloud Footprint on both AWS & Azure. I am responsible 
        a. for writing Complete Infrastructure as a code using Terraform
        b. Configuring Cloud Networks and connecting with On-Prem. 
        c. Responsible for Cloud Migrations, CLoud Operations and CLoud Security and governance of Platform on CLoud.
        d. Responsible for Complete CI/CD , Creating Pipeline as a Code and automating stuff  and integrating tools like  Maven for Java , MS Build for .net and npm for Angular projects, pip for python.
       e.  Also Responsible for Testing Code Quality using Sonar Qube and Fortify.  
       f. Responsible for Writing Ansible Playbooks and Ansible roles for doing configuration Management. 
       g.  Responsible for writing scripts for day to day automation and support development teams.
       h. Responsible for writing Docker files starting from scratch for the Application which needs migration to Kubernetes.  
At this Point in our Organization, we are doing a Huge Migration of our Datacenters to Cloud. In this Process we are doing Lift & Shift Migrations and some of the things we are refactoring and redesigining some of the Applications in Cloud using the Cloud Native and latest features. I am Responsible for Creating Several Automations and support in Migration of Various Applications on the AWS & Azure. 
I have hands on writing Docker files starting from scratch and archestrate Docker files on kubernetes Platforms like AKS, EKS. 
I work very closely with Development teams and involve and help in all phases of SDLC Process, I involve from Design Phase to the Post Implementation, Automation & Support Phases as well. 
In Scripting, I have hands on Shell Scripting/Powershell, Python Data Structures. 
On the Monitoring side, i have experience working with Nagios, Splunk, ELK, Prometheus , Grafana, New Relic. 
Overall this is about me at a High level, I will be open for any questions. 
----------------------
About me for SRE
I am currently working as a SRE & Cloud Architect 
I am responsible for Governing the entire CLoud Infrastructure and Accounts , Help teams in Doing Cost Management on CLoud. 
I help our Enterprise IT teams in implementing new solutions on the Cloud and responsible for defining and desining a Migration Path from Onprem to Cloud. 
We have our Cloud Footprint on both AWS & Azure. I am responsible for End to End Automation on Cloud with respect to build and release, cloud infrastructure provisioning using terraform.   
I have hands on infrastructure as a code using terraform, Cloud formation & Azure ARM templates. 
I am responsible for Cloud Automation , Cloud Security, Cost Management and Cloud Integrations with internal and external Tools. 
At this Point in our Organization, we are doing a Huge Migration of our Datacenters to Cloud. In this Process we are doing Lift & Shift Migrations and refactoring and redesigining some of the Applications in CLoud using the CLoud Native and latest features. 
I am Responsible for Creating Several Automations and support in Migration of Various Applications on the AWS & Azure. 
I have complete hands on CI/CD Projects, Build and Release Automation, Unit testing, Security testing, Deployments and i have hands on tools like Jenkins/Azure Devops/Gitlabs/Code Pipeline etc.
One of my key role is to understand the Applications and help Converting Monolithic Applications to Microservices using Docker and help running the containers on Kubernetes. 
I have experience working with On-Prem Kubernetes, Managed Services like AKS & ACR in Azure, EKS & ECR in AWS. I have experience writing Docker files, Creating Pods, Deployments, Replicas etc etc. 
I work very closely with Development teams and involve and help in all phases of SDLC Process, I involve from Design Phase to the Post Implementation, Automation & Support Phases as well. 
In Scripting, I have hands on Shell Scripting/Powershell, Python Data Structures & Python Flask.
On the Monitoring side, i have experience working with Nagios, Splunk, ELK, Prometheus , Grafana, New Relic. 

Day to Day Activities 
I am Developer Administrator , 70% of doing Developments on Devops Projects, Doing Research and responsible for Cloud Migrations & Planning & 30-40% is Gatekeeping the Production Support. 
In Devops Work, i work on Several User stories, Several tasks,  on New AUtomations, CHanges to Pipelines, Executing & MOnitoring Monthly/Weekly/Daily Builds. 
I do the Release Management work using Jenkins. 
I am responsible for Ensuring that Monitoring is Done on Each Asset and Ensure we are getting the logs. 
25% of my work is on exploring new Technologies and doing POC on new tickets and Provide the Feedback and Make Production Ready APplications. 
Day starts with Checking the tickets, Responding to them and Gatekeeping Production Environment. 
General
Tell me about a time where your Opinion is discarded by everyone and how did you handle it. 
Answer:- Cant able to recollect a time, but this happens most of the times where several good opnions get discarded during the work time because of various reasons, rather than taking the situation Neghatively , Its important that we stay positive and understand the situation and listen to the other person opinion if its right and be patient and when time comes, we have a chance to tell our view point with strong justification and reasoning. 
Tell me about a time you had disagreement with an employee and how did you resolve it.  
        Answer:-  This happens almost every day as every has thier own opinion of solving problems. Talking about an example is that i had a disagreement about the Implementation of our Core Automation Workflow using the CI/CD Tools. I had 2-3 ways in my mind and my manager had a different opinion in mind. We want to solve the Problem with Security as there were too many security incidents in our Cloud Eco-system. 
        I had come up with the idea of build a Proactive System to do a continous Posture assessment on Cloud and the automation ensure thats the resources are provisioned ensuring that if anyone is voilating the Security Regulations , I have done the Proof of concept and shown this to my Leader. 
However My peer also had a approach to present a reactive way to solve the problem that will identify any misconfiguration and autofix. 
In Reality both solutions are correct , However there was a disagreement of one is better over other.  The Problem solved using my method as my Managment is convinced to have a Proactive Approach. 
About my Current Projects
i work for Projects relating to Enterprise IT , Most of the Projects are either ETL, Data Lake etc. 
Project 1 --> ETL Solution 
I worked for the ETL Applicatoin (Extract , Transform, Load )
Here we get the files from the S3 Bucket as an INput , the Application does the transforamtion using java and python machine learning and does the dataload in the Aurora Database. 
THis Application is deployed in AWS, has a Python as business logic and database oracle rds as a backend. THe Application is using containerization and deployed on the AWS EKS platform. 
We Do the Extraction from the data kept in sftp/s3 bucket, this data is unstructured data. 
the Applicaation reads the data in s3 bucket, applies some machine level algorithms and do the Data prediction. 
Here we use Project Anaconda/Jupyter/Hadoop cluster and the Data is read from the bucket is converted to structurd format 
the Structured data is sent back to RDS and the Frontend ui will do the ANlaytics and ML Capabilities and show the data. 
My Responsibility is manage the AWS infrastrucutre/Monitor the Resources/ Provide Production Support.  
